README.md, before:

angular-cron-gen
===================

A basic way to for users to graphically build a cron expression.

Demo can be found [here](https://vincentjames501.github.io/angular-cron-gen/).

**Requirements:** AngularJS 1.5+

## Usage:

1. Include the dependency in your app

    ```js
    angular.module('myApp', ['angular-cron-gen'])
    ```

2. Include the supplied JS and CSS file (or create your own CSS to override defaults).

    ```html
    <link rel='stylesheet' href='build/cron-gen.min.css' type='text/css' media='all' />
    <script type='text/javascript' src='build/cron-gen.min.js'></script>
    ```

3. That's it -- you're done!

#### Via bower:
```
$ bower install angular-cron-gen
```
#### Via npm:
```
$ npm install angular-cron-gen
```

## Options

```html
<cron-gen ng-model="cronExpression" 
          options="cronOptions" 
          template-url="your optional, custom template (Defaults to a bootstrap 3 template)"
          cron-format="quartz (Currently only compatible with 'quartz')"
          ng-disabled="isCronDisabled">
</cron-gen>
```

```js
angular.module('myApp', ['angular-cron-gen'])
  .controller('myController', ['$scope', ($scope) => {
    $scope.cronExpression = '0 0 0/3 1/1 * ? *';
    $scope.isCronDisabled = false;
    $scope.cronOptions = {
      formInputClass = 'form-control-static', // Form input class override
      formSelectClass = 'form-control-static', // Select class override
      formRadioClass = 'form-control-static', // Radio class override
      hideMinutesTab = false, // Whether to hide the minutes tab
      hideHourlyTab = false, // Whether to hide the hourly tab
      hideDailyTab = false, // Whether to hide the daily tab
      hideWeeklyTab = false, // Whether to hide the weekly tab
      hideMonthlyTab = false, // Whether to hide the monthly tab
      hideYearlyTab = false, // Whether to hide the yearly tab
      hideAdvancedTab = true // Whether to hide the advanced tab
    };
  }])
```

## License:
Licensed under the MIT license

Commit message:

Add support for AM/PM hour types

README.md, after:

angular-cron-gen
===================

A basic way to for users to graphically build a cron expression.

Demo can be found [here](https://vincentjames501.github.io/angular-cron-gen/).

**Requirements:** AngularJS 1.5+

## Usage:

1. Include the dependency in your app

    ```js
    angular.module('myApp', ['angular-cron-gen'])
    ```

2. Include the supplied JS and CSS file (or create your own CSS to override defaults).

    ```html
    <link rel='stylesheet' href='build/cron-gen.min.css' type='text/css' media='all' />
    <script type='text/javascript' src='build/cron-gen.min.js'></script>
    ```

3. That's it -- you're done!

#### Via bower:
```
$ bower install angular-cron-gen
```
#### Via npm:
```
$ npm install angular-cron-gen
```

## Options

```html
<cron-gen ng-model="cronExpression" 
          options="cronOptions" 
          template-url="your optional, custom template (Defaults to a bootstrap 3 template)"
          cron-format="quartz (Currently only compatible with 'quartz' and defaults to 'quartz')"
          use-24-hour-time="true|false (Defaults to 'true')"
          ng-disabled="isCronDisabled">
</cron-gen>
```

```js
angular.module('myApp', ['angular-cron-gen'])
  .controller('myController', ['$scope', ($scope) => {
    $scope.cronExpression = '0 0 0/3 1/1 * ? *';
    $scope.isCronDisabled = false;
    $scope.cronOptions = {
      formInputClass = 'form-control-static', // Form input class override
      formSelectClass = 'form-control-static', // Select class override
      formRadioClass = 'form-control-static', // Radio class override
      hideMinutesTab = false, // Whether to hide the minutes tab
      hideHourlyTab = false, // Whether to hide the hourly tab
      hideDailyTab = false, // Whether to hide the daily tab
      hideWeeklyTab = false, // Whether to hide the weekly tab
      hideMonthlyTab = false, // Whether to hide the monthly tab
      hideYearlyTab = false, // Whether to hide the yearly tab
      hideAdvancedTab = true // Whether to hide the advanced tab
    };
  }])
```

## License:
Licensed under the MIT license
